Update log-configuration.md (#16652)
metabase/metabase: docs/operations-guide/log-configuration.md

**IMPORTANT**: when using containers, logs need to be written into the /metabase.db directory. It's the only directory the Metabase user can write to (the user here being the one that executes that Metabase JAR inside the container).

# Jetty logs

> Metabase web server can be configured to provide all the logging you need, but be careful, as Jetty logs have a very high level of verbosity and might be difficult to spot the data you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Metabase's web server to provide more detail in the logs by setting the log level to `DEBUG`. Just keep in mind that Jetty's debug logs can be really chatty, which can make it difficult to find the data you're looking for.
```

> To get Jetty logs, add the following lines to the Log4J2 XML file in the <Loggers> node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get Jetty logs, add the following lines to the Log4J2 XML file in the <Loggers> node:
```
